docs/developer-onboarding.md, before:

---
id: developer-onboarding
title: Developer Onboarding
sidebar_label: Developer Onboarding
slug: /docs/developer-onboarding
---

First off, Welcome to the XtendOps Developers family! This is a comprehensive guide to assist new developers to quickly adjust to our environment. We highly encourage to finish this through.

> Something something something introduction Lorem ipsum keme keme keme 48 years keme keme jowa katagalugan boyband ano at bakit conalei bakit ng valaj bonggakea at nang ang na planggana kasi bongga effem bella ang shontis majubis tanders Gino kasi Gino sa at nang 48 years shogal nang jowabelles na kasi ang keme keme at bakit at bakit sa lorem ipsum keme keme chuckie shala at wiz katol doonek ano katagalugan sa ganders nakakalurky 48 years biway tetetet kirara sa sa planggana bakit na wrangler ng ang keme ma-kyonget bongga pamenthol shala bella jupang-pang mashumers sa thunder Cholo 48 years cheapangga jowa kabog Gino biway bakit paminta at ang ano shonga ang ang lulu biway na ang guash tungril Mike daki shonga-shonga antibiotic jowa na ang sudems sa.
>
> Message from the boss,
>
>Sean McCreery, CEO

:::note

This document is actually written by us--the dev team. As you integrate with us, we highly encourage your involvement in editing our documentations.

:::

:::important

You’ll be asked for feedback after this.

:::

## Getting Started

### Computer

The company will provide a computer for you.

### Folder structure

We encourage the team to put their folders in Desktop for easy access.

Notable Folder names

- projects: this is where all your projects should contain
- backups: folder for backup
- screenshots: folder dedicated to screenshots

### Installation

The following are list of installables.

:::note

Marked with asterisk(*) is considered as required

:::

#### Software Tools

- Git*
- Google Chrome / Mozilla Firefox*
- IDE: VS Code / Visual Studio / Android Studio *
- Postman / Insomnia
- MongoDB Robo / MongoDB Compass
- (Sourcetree / GitKraken)*
- FileZilla
- 7zip*
- MYSQL Workbench
- Heroku CLI
- Google Drive
- NodeJS(LTS)*

#### Visual Studio Code Extensions

- Debugger for Chrome*
- GitLens*
- Bracket Pair Colorizer*
- EditorConfig for VS Code*
- Live Share*
- ESLint*
- JavaScript (ES6) code snippets
- Markdownlint
- Material Icon Theme
- Material Theme
-Flutter
- Awesome Flutter Snippets
- Polacode
- Flutter Widget Snippets
- Jira and Bitbucket (Official)*

#### Google Chrome Extensions

- Screencastify*
-uBlock Origin
- Grammarly*
- FakeFiller
- Redux DevTools
- React Developer Tools
- 1Password

### Workstation Credentials

Computer login credential will be provided upon onboarding. You’ll be asked for a new password upon initial login. Remember this as it’ll be your login password from now on.

### Email

You will be provided a company email upon onboarding. This should be your go-to email on registering company-related stuff.

### Slack

Upon receiving the email, Check your inbox for an invite to our company slack channel. We will be mainly using Slack as our means of communication in the company.

It is advisable to connect your slack to the following Slack Apps:

- Google Calendar
- Google Drive
- Github
- Monday.com

### Portal Ex / Timekeeping

This will be our timekeeping tool and basis for payroll, so always check your DTR especially before the 5th and 20th of the month and inform your superior for any issues.

Link: http://timekeeping.xtendops.com/

### Git & Github

We heavily rely with Git in terms of our versioning history. Familiarize yourself with it as it’ll be a frequent thing. Our remote repository of choice is **Github**. Make sure to ask colleagues on how our protocols work(Creating branch / Commit Sentences / Pull Request / Merging Checks / Versioning)

:::tip

An in-depth discussion about this can be found in: https://developers.xtendops.com/docs/project-onboarding

:::

### Monday.com

This is where our task could be found. Make sure to check for it once in a while for updates and task assignments. Follow our standards on formatting replies.

### Web Browser

We mainly promote the use of Google Chrome as our browser. We encourage the bookmarking habit and use of non-incognito mode for history reference reasons.

### Google Docs and Markdown

We heavily use Google Docs / Markdown language in our documentations. Make sure to familiarize yourself with it!

### Password Credentials

We use Google Password on storing credentials. We encourage you to be vigilant with your accounts. Protect it properly.

We have a 3-tier password. You will be provided accordingly depending on your scope.

### Technology Stack

Head over to the Guidelines in the Technology Stack section for our full overview of our stack usage.

### Codenames

Head over to codnames documentation page to learn about our publicly-availbe codenames. Hidden ones will be provided to you secretly

## Rules & Regulations

### Communication is important

Always make sure to inform your superior ahead of time or any matters that affect your reliability and performance towards work.

### CLAYGO

Clean as you go policy is a cleaning strategy used to minimize risks to hygiene, health, and safety. The clean as you go method involves taking opportunities to clean continually throughout the working day and making cleaning part of your daily routine to ensure that surfaces, equipment, waste, and the premises are clean, hygienic, and clutter free.

#### Consumable Breaks

2 x 15 min break and 1 hour lunch break

### Friday is dress down day

You are allowed to wear shorts only on a friday.

### Have fun!

Always respect others' opinions and share Ideas. This is a friendly environment, be   friendly to everyone and have fun!

### COVID-19 Preventive Measures

To mitigate work issues introduced by COVID-19(Power Interruption and Internet Issues). We are using a rotational schedule for work. The team is split into two, The other will be working in the office and the latter in their own home. A 2 week rotational period is applied.

## How your day (usually) starts

This is based on a **9:00pm - 6:00am** work schedule

- **8:55pm:** 5 min before schedule, you’re now allowed to time in. Make sure to clean your desk while at it!
- **9:00pm - 9:30pm:** A scheduled daily dev standup meeting with the Team. This is where you’ll be giving updates about your task. Discuss properly as it’ll be our basis for our team’s progress.
- **9:30-  10:00:** Take this time to view your task. Head over to Monday.com to check for any comments or assignments for you. Move tasks intended to be worked on as “In Progress”' and mark “Done” for completed ones. Tag colleagues on tasks for help or wanted to give them a head’s up. Make use of our Slack as well to notify the team. Direct Message them for a quicker response! Never ever hesitate.
- **10:00pm - 5:50am:** Development works. You’re free to alot where to put your breaks. Just make sure to give the team a head’s up about it or update your slack status. Work at your own pace, we want good products 
after all. Always remember our motto:

  > “Develop with accountability in mind. Own it with pride ⚡! “

- **5:50am - 6:00am:** Allot this time to update your progress on Monday.com. Relax at this point and pat yourself as you did good. There will always be another day(except hitting deadline. Don’t hit it)
- **6:00am:** Logout

:::note

The team will always be available for help. Get in touch with them via slack.

:::

## The Team

Check the "Meet the  Team" page to know about us!

## Conclusion

This is only an extension of the guidelines that is tailored to help newcomers to adjust quickly with the environment. Check out what is in store there to get the full overview of our team.

Again. Welcome! We’re really looking forward to be working with you!

## What's Next?

Give us a head's up once you're done reading. We will give you a feedback form to fill up. You could either continue reading our whole documentation or start contributing to projects! Good luck!

Commit message:

[Feature] Documentation Overhaul (#12)
* feat: added faq sidebar

* style: added custom table

* feat: added faq page

* docs: updated docs pages

docs/developer-onboarding.md, after:

---
id: developer-onboarding
title: Developer Onboarding
sidebar_label: Developer Onboarding
slug: /docs/developer-onboarding
---

First off, Welcome to the XtendOps Developers family! This is a comprehensive guide to assist new developers to quickly adjust to our environment. We highly encourage to finish this through.

> Something something something introduction Lorem ipsum keme keme keme 48 years keme keme jowa katagalugan boyband ano at bakit conalei bakit ng valaj bonggakea at nang ang na planggana kasi bongga effem bella ang shontis majubis tanders Gino kasi Gino sa at nang 48 years shogal nang jowabelles na kasi ang keme keme at bakit at bakit sa lorem ipsum keme keme chuckie shala at wiz katol doonek ano katagalugan sa ganders nakakalurky 48 years biway tetetet kirara sa sa planggana bakit na wrangler ng ang keme ma-kyonget bongga pamenthol shala bella jupang-pang mashumers sa thunder Cholo 48 years cheapangga jowa kabog Gino biway bakit paminta at ang ano shonga ang ang lulu biway na ang guash tungril Mike daki shonga-shonga antibiotic jowa na ang sudems sa.
>
> Message from the boss,
>
>Sean McCreery, CEO

:::note

This document is actually written by us--the dev team. As you integrate with us, we highly encourage your involvement in editing our documentations.

:::

:::important

You’ll be asked for feedback after this.

:::

## Getting Started

### Computer

The company will provide a computer for you.

### Folder structure

We encourage the team to put their folders in Desktop for easy access.

Notable Folder names

- projects: this is where all your projects should contain
- backups: folder for backup
- screenshots: folder dedicated to screenshots

### Installation

The following are list of installables.

:::note

Marked with asterisk(*) is considered as required

:::

#### Software Tools

- Git*
- Google Chrome / Mozilla Firefox*
- IDE: VS Code / Visual Studio / Android Studio *
- Postman / Insomnia
- MongoDB Robo / MongoDB Compass
- (Sourcetree / GitKraken)*
- FileZilla
- 7zip*
- MYSQL Workbench
- Heroku CLI
- Google Drive
- NodeJS(LTS)*

#### Visual Studio Code Extensions

- Debugger for Chrome*
- GitLens*
- Bracket Pair Colorizer*
- EditorConfig for VS Code*
- Live Share*
- ESLint*
- JavaScript (ES6) code snippets
- Markdownlint
- Material Icon Theme
- Material Theme
-Flutter
- Awesome Flutter Snippets
- Polacode
- Flutter Widget Snippets
- Jira and Bitbucket (Official)*

#### Google Chrome Extensions

- Screencastify*
-uBlock Origin
- Grammarly*
- FakeFiller
- Redux DevTools
- React Developer Tools
- 1Password

### Workstation Credentials

Computer login credential will be provided upon onboarding. You’ll be asked for a new password upon initial login. Remember this as it’ll be your login password from now on.

### Email

You will be provided a company email upon onboarding. This should be your go-to email on registering company-related stuff.

### Slack

Upon receiving the email, Check your inbox for an invite to our company slack channel. We will be mainly using Slack as our means of communication in the company.

It is advisable to connect your slack to the following Slack Apps:

- Google Calendar
- Google Drive
- Github
- Monday.com

### Portal Ex / Timekeeping

This will be our timekeeping tool and basis for payroll, so always check your DTR especially before the 5th and 20th of the month and inform your superior for any issues.

Link: http://timekeeping.xtendops.com/

### Git & Github

We heavily rely with Git in terms of our versioning history. Familiarize yourself with it as it’ll be a frequent thing. Our remote repository of choice is **Github**. Make sure to ask colleagues on how our protocols work(Creating branch / Commit Sentences / Pull Request / Merging Checks / Versioning)

:::tip

An in-depth discussion about this can be found in: https://developers.xtendops.com/docs/project-onboarding

:::

### Monday.com

This is where our task could be found. Make sure to check for it once in a while for updates and task assignments. Follow our standards on formatting replies.

### Web Browser

We mainly promote the use of Google Chrome as our browser. We encourage the bookmarking habit and use of non-incognito mode for history reference reasons.

### Google Docs and Markdown

We heavily use Google Docs / Markdown language in our documentations. Make sure to familiarize yourself with it!

### Password Credentials

We use Google Password on storing credentials. We encourage you to be vigilant with your accounts. Protect it properly.

We have a 3-tier password. You will be provided accordingly depending on your scope.

### Technology Stack

Head over to the Guidelines in the Technology Stack section for our full overview of our stack usage.

### Codenames

Head over to codnames documentation page to learn about our publicly-availbe codenames. Hidden ones will be provided to you secretly

## Rules & Regulations

### Communication is important

Always make sure to inform your superior ahead of time or any matters that affect your reliability and performance towards work.

### CLAYGO

Clean as you go policy is a cleaning strategy used to minimize risks to hygiene, health, and safety. The clean as you go method involves taking opportunities to clean continually throughout the working day and making cleaning part of your daily routine to ensure that surfaces, equipment, waste, and the premises are clean, hygienic, and clutter free.

#### Consumable Breaks

2 x 15 min break and 1 hour lunch break

### Friday is dress down day

You are allowed to wear shorts only on a friday.

### Have fun!

Always respect others' opinions and share Ideas. This is a friendly environment, be   friendly to everyone and have fun!

### COVID-19 Preventive Measures

To mitigate work issues introduced by COVID-19(Power Interruption and Internet Issues). We are using a rotational schedule for work. The team is split into two, The other will be working in the office and the latter in their own home. A 2 week rotational period is applied.

## How your day (usually) starts

This is based on a **9:00pm - 6:00am** work schedule

- **8:55pm:** 5 min before schedule, you’re now allowed to time in. Make sure to clean your desk while at it!
- **9:00pm - 9:30pm:** A scheduled daily dev standup meeting with the Team. This is where you’ll be giving updates about your task. Discuss properly as it’ll be our basis for our team’s progress.
- **9:30-  10:00:** Take this time to view your task. Head over to Monday.com to check for any comments or assignments for you. Move tasks intended to be worked on as “In Progress”' and mark “Done” for completed ones. Tag colleagues on tasks for help or wanted to give them a head’s up. Make use of our Slack as well to notify the team. Direct Message them for a quicker response! Never ever hesitate.
- **10:00pm - 5:50am:** Development works. You’re free to alot where to put your breaks. Just make sure to give the team a head’s up about it or update your slack status. Work at your own pace, we want good products 
after all. Always remember our motto:

  > “Develop with accountability in mind. Own it with pride ⚡! “

- **5:50am - 6:00am:** Allot this time to update your progress on Monday.com. Relax at this point and pat yourself as you did good. There will always be another day(except hitting deadline. Don’t hit it)
- **6:00am:** Logout

:::note

The team will always be available for help. Get in touch with them via slack.

:::

## The Team

Check the "Meet the  Team" page to know about us!

## Conclusion

This is only an extension of the guidelines that is tailored to help newcomers to adjust quickly with the environment. Check out what is in store there to get the full overview of our team.

Again. Welcome! We’re really looking forward to be working with you!

### What's Next?

Give us a head's up once you're done reading. We will give you a feedback form to fill up.

You might want to read Project Onboarding Guidelines first.
